---
title: 2023 /
background: https://cdna.artstation.com/p/assets/images/images/052/683/862/large/jonny-ujiokubus-imagine-skies-over-a-lake-where-monsters-live-and-wha-489e086b-ef3c-46dd-b17c-7d7e11261fc5.jpg?1660414355
category: blog
background_artist: https://www.artstation.com/jqube
date: 2023-01-14
---

2022 ended in a crescendo. 2023 will be bonkers.
The totally aware celestial me rarely makes an appearance; here he is, with some bullet points. Listen to him.

# Do things with a purpose 
A pernicious trait of mine: I'm always lost, always somewhere but in the present. This often compounds with the generational ADHD, and the fact that we just do, we don't think. I want to change that. It's downright silly that I forget why I unlocked my phone, and I'm already 2 minutes into instagram scouring for dopamine hits. This is basic stuff.
# Express more
I will do more of: blog, write ballads, write stories and explain theories/mad takes. It always brings new energy into me, and I move on to the next rung of that thing.
# Be in the moment
Chill. Plan less, not every fucking waking second. Feel stuff. Appreciate the now.
At the same time, focus. Don't get distracted. Stay in the zone.
Stay away from nonsense, news, pop culture and garbage.
# Travel
I'm really into this now. I feel awake. Life is interesting with travel. I get it now. I crave more.
# Wonder
Stop and look up. Reflect. Imagine. Be awed. Do it more. Don't lose touch with your self. See through the chaos.

# A few more to pay attention to:
Stay fit, eat healthy, be real.
Get fucken good at code
  Creation devil needs its thirst quenched - the ai deep sea I'll dive into might help.
Guitar (and music in general, also singing for fun)
Habits - surround myself with things I need - I invariably tend to get lazy