---
title: DAY -1
subtitle: 7-DAY DISCIPLINE CHALLENGE
layout: post
background: https://i.imgur.com/0kOCR5w.jpg
---

# DAY MINUS 1
Let's do  this.
<br/>7 DAYS OF PURE MADNESS.
<br/>Tomorrow, 2nd December is going to be DAY 0.
<br/>Unless I get the basics right, I can't fly.

# DAY ZERO
Will be for planning the week out.
<br/>Basically make a routine, and the things it will contain.
<br/>For now, it's Vocabulary, AI, Fitness etc.
<br/>I will have to make a comprehensive plan, safety measures, emergency systems and routine by the end of tomorrow.
<br/>Basically, I should wake up at the designated time every day, tick all the items in the routine (swim, not snack, not masturbate (probably the hardest one)) yada yada, and lie down for sleep by the designated time.
<br/>Nothing should change this.

# GOAL

You are your habits. And mine have been really bad. That has rendered my mind really slow and blunt. Of course at the end of the day, none of this matters, and I could just carry on with this life as I am currently.
<br/>But there's a huge fallacy in that line of thought. Of course none of this matters, but there's a universe of opportunities that I have not embraced. 
<br/>Let's just see what I am, let's see what I can do. Let's try this, and maybe fall back to the old way of life I this is not fun, yeah?
<br/>I have a thought in the recess of my mind that I am destined to do something fuckin' spectacular, and now I know it's really easy, to lie down and let the time slide. My dad has done that. <br/>It's tricky, you think you just want to live complacently, and one day it will all be over. I just want to see the world of opportunities, chances, lives, universes I can witness.
<br/>So let's do this, just this once.
<br/>I just have to put smaller commitments on hold till I complete this.

I'll see you tomorrow, on DAY ZERO, with the complete plan, fallbacks, zeal and motivation.
<br/>Love,
<br/>Su.