---
title: DAY 0
layout: post
background: https://i.imgur.com/w7fLXR0.jpg
subtitle: The plan is set in concrete.
---

# The Rules
Wake up by 9AM. No Excuses.
<br/>READ THE RULES EVERY MORNING AFTER WAKING UP.
<br/>`Home:`
<br/>Dance Routine, Brush, Crunches.
<br/>Go Swimming for at least 30 MINUTES.
<br/>Have a bath, have breakfast.
<br/>Do some English.
<br/>AI Time.
<br/>`Office:`
<br/>Give it your best at the Office.
<br/>Use the breaks do English, and have a brainstorm.
<br/>Take a walk right after lunch, one early evening, and one early night.
<br/>Have a fruit during second walk.
<br/>`Home:`
<br/>Have dinner immediately.
<br/>Go for a walk. Do English/Brainstorm
<br/>Freshen up, lie down.
<br/>Do AI.
<br/> Update status for the day.
<br/>Get to sleep by 12.30AM

# BIG NO
No masturbation.
<br/>No bingeing/passive consumption.
<br/>No snacking at any cost.

# BIG YES
<br/>Make eye contact with everyone everywhere. Don't pussy out and bow down.
<br/>Speak confidently, speak when necessary, speak with original accent. Don't be scared.

# Emergency Routine / Fallback
Go for a quick walk. RIGHT NOW. Walk at a brisk pace, and read this.
<br/>Yo've got once chance at this. DON'T FUCK THIS UP.
<br/>You're here now. Just hang on. Do it correctly.
<br/> It's easy to let it slide and stay like this. But this is irreversible.
<br/>`If you're lost for what to do, here's the deal:`
<br/>You have AI, English, and basic Math.
<br/>Maybe read up on Statistics. Maybe read up on what Math to read for AI. Learn some Python. <br/>Read motivation for AI. Read some advanced English tips. Maybe try to write an article on nothing.
<br/>Just keep yourself busy.

Love,
<br/>Su.